Add instructions to get the flap_id (#24475)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/surepetcare.markdown

| Service data attribute | Required | Type | Description |
| ---------------------- | -------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `flap_id` | `True` | integer | Flap ID to change - see below for instructions on finding device ID
| `lock_state` | `True` | string | New state to change the flap to

> `flap_id` can be found following this instructions: Log into [surepetcare.io](https://surepetcare.io/), open the side bar, click your flap and the flap_id will be at the end of the URL (i.e. https://surepetcare.io/control/device/DEVICE-ID)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `flap_id` can be found following these instructions:

- Log into [surepetcare.io](https://surepetcare.io/).
- Open the sidebar and click your flap.
- The `flap_id` will be at the end of the URL (i.e., `https://surepetcare.io/control/device/FLAP-ID`)
```
